When recording:
   RECORD keyword, plus a file name, are required.
   no other args results in whatever your device defaults to.

   SECONDS will terminate the recording after specified seconds.
   You can also stop recording with [BREAK] or [CTRL-C].

   CHANNELS will default to your devices available number of channels.
   If CHANNELS specifies less than the available channels, only the 
   first CHANNELS number of audio channels will be recorded.

   RATE will default to the default sample rate of your device.
   If specified, RATE will be the available sample rate closest to your 
   request.

xx   WIDTH defaults to the native sample width of your device (in bits).
   If specified the software will adjust the samples to your requested
   sample width.

   METER will display the recording levels to the named VU meters.
   The user is responsible for opening the meter display if desired.

   ALTERNATE is a USB device option that may allow different bandwidth
   requirements. 1 is usually valid, more may be available.


When monitoring:
   Just like recording, except no filename required, and no file will 
   be created. Useful for checking audio levels before recording begins.

   METER will display the recording levels to the named VU meters.
   The user is responsible for opening the meter display if desired.


When Playing:
   PLAY keyword, plus a file name, are required.
   no other args results in whatever your audio file specifies.

   SECONDS will terminate the playback after specified seconds.
   By default it will play until end of file, [BREAK] or [CTRL_C].

   CHANNELS will default to your audio files available number of channels.
   If CHANNELS specifies less than the available channels, only the 
   first CHANNELS number of audio channels will be played.
   If CHANNELS specifies more than the available channels, the
   channels will be duplicated to create the desired number of channels.

   RATE will default to the default sample rate of your audio file.
xx   If specified, the RATE will override the audio file rate.
   In both cases the rate may be changed to the closest rate available 
   from your device.

xx   WIDTH defaults to the native sample width of your audio file (in bits),
   which will be interpolated into the sample width of your playback device.

   METER will display the playback levels to the named VU meters.
   The user is responsible for opening the meter display if desired.



in ALL CASES, this software only supports USB_AUDIO_VERSION_2 devices.
This is NOT the same as the USB version, instead it specifies the audio
implementation. Version 1 had a few holes in the spec, making a driver 
a bit difficult.


